
# 11. I had a long week.

You look stressed.

    Well, I had a long week.

Already? What happended?

    Just work. I have a new project that's taking forever.

> *stressed: 感到有压力的；紧张的*

> *take forever: 花很长时间*

# 12. Thank god, it's Friday. TGIF

Ugh! Thank god, it's Friday.

    No kidding! You going out tonight?

No way! I've got FNL~~
    
    Have fun~~

> *No kidding: 说真的，不要开玩笑*

> *No way: 决不；一点也不*

# 13. That's pure nonsense.

You're sitting too close to the TV.

    I'm comfortable.

Your eyesight is going to get bad.

    That's pure nonsense!

> *comfortable: 舒适的；舒服的*

> *eyesight: 视力*

> *That's pure nonsense. 纯胡说*

# 14. Did you get out -ing

Did you get out hunting this weekend?
    
    Yesterday morning.

Did you get anything?

    Nothing but really cold feet!

> *hunting: 打猎*

> *cold feet: 没信心；信心或勇气丧失； 胆怯； 害怕*

> *同： Did you go -ing?*

# 15. do away with something

I need to do away with my knuckle cracking.

    It's a hard habit to break.

I know. It's almost impossible.

    Want me to help?

> *do away with something: 扔掉；远离*

> *knuckle cracking: 折手指，knuckle: 关节，cracking: 破裂；噼啪声*

> *hard habit to break: 积习难改；打破恶习*

# 16. do it up for the party.

Are you gonna do it up for your mom's birthday?

    No, we're just gonna have a nice dinner at home.

No party?

    She said she didn't want one.

> *do it up for the party: 让聚会活跃起来*

# 17. do up something.

Is it cold outside, mom?

    Yes. Be sure to do up your jacket.

Okay. Where's my hat?

    It's in your pocket.

> pocket: 口袋

> jacket: 夹克；短上衣

# 18. do it over

How do you like my picture, daddy?

    What is it?

It's a picture of a bear.
    
    Oh..um..you should do it over.

> do it over: again

# 19. Because of

Why didn't you call me last night?

    Because of my phone's battery~~

Why didn't you charge it?

    Because of my carelessness. I left my cord at school~

> battery: 电池

> charge: 充电

> carelessness: 粗心大意

> cord: 绳索

# 20. Thanks to 

Your skin looks healthy!

    It's all thanks to this lotion.

You mean, thanks to me for buying you the lotion!

    Right^^

> lotion: 洗液；洗涤液
