# 31. Count me in

Did you hear? The boss is looking for volunteers.

    For what?

To help wash his car.
    
    Count me out. I'd rather get fired.

He can count me in! I love the boss^^.

> *count me in: 算我一个*

> *count me out: 排除我*

> *volunteer: 志愿者*

> *wash his car: 洗车*

> I'd rather get fired: 宁可被解雇

# 32. To rain on your parade

What's that? A present?

    Diamond earrings. They're for Sue!

Wow! Uh...I don't want to rain on your parade,
but Sue just got engaged.
    
    What? Engaged? She's gonna get married? What??

> *to rain on your parade: 让你扫兴*

> *parade: 游行；炫耀*

> *Diamond earrings: 钻石耳环*

> *got engaged: 订婚*

# 33. I'm broke

Let's go eat lunch.

    'kay. Burgers?

Nah, I want something healthy.

    healthy? Healthy means expensive. I can't
    I'm broke.

> *I'm broke: 我没钱，破产*

> *burger: 汉堡包*

> *nah: 没有*

# 34. Sell me out

I can't believe you sold me out to mom.

    You're always selling me out.

Okay, let's make a truce.

    Okay. From now on, we lie for each other to mom.

Good.
    
    I heard that~~

> *sell me out: 出卖我*

> *truce: 停战*

> *for each other: 为彼此*

# 35. It will all come down to money

In order to win the tournament, he must make this putt.

    It will all come down to this putt.

It all comes down to this shot...

    It all comes down to his concentration..

No! He missed! He's a loser!

> *It will all come down to money: 这个结果全归结于钱*

> *in order to: 为了*

> *tournament: 锦标赛，联赛*

> *putt: 轻轻一击，击球入洞（高尔夫球）*

> *shot: 发射*

> *concentration: 集中，专心*

# 36. I beg to differ.

Don't these uggs look good on me?

    I beg to differ.

What?

    You look like a gay cowboy. Uggs are for women.

> *I beg to differ: 我不同意，我不敢苟同（比 I think 语气强，比你错了语气弱）*

> *uggs: 雪靴（鞋）*

> *gay: 快乐的，同性恋*

> *cowboy: 牛仔*

# 37. look luck lock

Where're you going?

    To the library. I want to look for a book.

Good luck. They locked up already.

    It's that late?

# 38. Don't sweat it

I need you to finish this report, okay?

    By when?

By next Tuesday.

    That gives me only thursday, Friday and Monday to work on it.

Don't sweat it! You can come in on the weekend^^

> *Don't sweat it.: 不着急，sweat: 焦急，出汗*

> *by: 在...之前*

# 39. Go all out

Look at all the bags!

    Christmas shopping! I went all out this year~

Did you get one for me?

    No. You said you didn't believe in Santa.

> *go all out: 尽情释放（你的力量、精神）, 倾尽所有*

> *Santa: 圣诞老人*

# 40. ~ already

Where is my fried chicken already? I ordered 30 minutes ago...

    Here's your order, sir.

I thought you forgot about me.

    With your beautiful voice? How could I?

> *where are your already： 你已经到哪了？*

> *fried chicken: 炸鸡*
