
# 41. come down with

You don't look too good.

    I feel terrible.

Are you coming down with a cold?

    I think so. I'd better buy lots of vitamin C.

> *come down with something: 染上病*

# 42. Go down

Are you going down to the store today?

    I went down yesterday.

Please? I need some more beer!

    Go get it yourself.

> *go down: 平静下来, 去, 被接受*

# 43. Steal my thunder

Aren't your inviting Amanda to the wedding?

    No way. She always tries to steal my thunder.

How? Because she always tries to be the queen?

    That's right.That's MY day and I'm not gonna let anyone steal my thunder.

> *steal: 偷窃*

> *thunder: 雷*

> *steal my thunder: 抢我的风头*

# 44. a pain in the neck

Oh, this traffic is such a pain in the neck.
    
    Well, it's Friday night. It's always bad.

Next time, let's take the subway or bus.

    Oh, but standing on the bus is such a pain in the neck, too!

> *neck: 脖子*

> *a pain in the neck: 讨厌的任务*

> *subway: 地铁*

# 45. to come in on a weekday

Can you come in on a weekend?

    No. I can only go in on weekdays.

Can you come in on Friday?

    No, I'm Muslim. That's my weekend. Sunday?

> *muslim: 穆罕默德信徒*

# 46. to turn in

Did you turn in the assignment?

    Yes! Now I'm free~

So, what are you gonna do?

    I'm gonna turn in early tonight. I'm tired~~

> *turn in: 交上，归还，上床睡觉*

> *assignment: 作业，任务*

# 47. to LACK someting

Any advice? How do I get more YouTube viewers?

    Well...you are lacking something.

What? Energy?

    Hair. You might want to get a toupee.

> *energy: 能量，活力*

> *toupee: 假发*

# 48. I am down

You wanna go watch the basketball game tonight?

    You paying?

No need~ Free tickets!

    Cool! I'm down!

> *I am down: 我愿意*

# 49. kick it up a notch

It's pretty cool in here.

    The thermostat's at 24.

Can we kick it up a notch?

    Okay. Ooh! That's my favorite song!

Me, too! Let's kick that up a notch, too!

> *kick it up a notch: 升级， 上调一个等级*

> *notch: 等级*

> *thermostat: 恒温器，自动调温器*

# 50. Happy holidays

What are you up to on the holiday?

    Just staying at home.
    I start my vacation next week.

Why so late?

    Holiday traffic! It's too much!
    
